https://codepen.io/egant43123/pen/jOBYqxG

1. What is Semantic HTML?        
html that gives meaning to our markup
2. What is HTML used for?  
HTML is used to mark up a webpage.
3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
attributes provide additional information about elements. they are put in the starting tag
4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
h1 is for the main title/header tag, should only use it once.
5. Name two tags that have required attributes
a href and img src
6. What do we on a webpage put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header>
7. What is an id? 
an id is given to one element to be able to style it
8. What elements can I add an id to? 
p, h1
9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
once
10. What is a class? 
classes are given to any number of elements to style them
11. What elements can I add a class to? 
p,h1, same as ID
12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
as many times as you need
13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
add target="_blank" after the link in a href
14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
to add text description the an image
15. How do I reference an id?
#idhere{}
16. What is the difference between a section and a div
sections are used for large sections of content or to divide content for sematic html, div is for styling
17. What is CSS used for? 
to style your webpage 
18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
.h2{}
19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
id's are more specific and can only be used for once on a page. 
20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.classhere{}
21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human p{}
22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
a parent child selector is used to select all elements within the parent element, useful to style large blocks
23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
.sidebar a{}
24. What is a pseudo selector?
different states for an element, such as hover, visited
25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:
26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform:
28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
.div {1px dotted black;
}
29. How do I select everything on the page? 
body{}
30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
put text inside /*texthere*/
31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
pwd
32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls
33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
rm filename. have to be careful because there is no prompt so you can delete things very easily
34. Why should I use version control? 
you can track down each change so collaberating is easier
35. How often should I commit to github?
every 20minutes or so
36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
git push -u origin eric-gant
37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
fork the repo
get the clone link and go to gitbash
cd lambdaProjects
git clone linkhere
cd newproject
git checkout -b firstname-lastname
make your file changes/save them often and then add/commit to repo
git add .
git commit -m 'description of changes'
git push -u origin firstname-lastname
go to github and create pull request by comparing your name to main

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? block elements create a new line and inline do not. 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default <div> <h1> <address> are all blocks, <span> is an inline
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 